Update android quickstarts - Include Logout instructions (#7911)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/native/android/03-session-handling.md

```java
// app/src/main/java/com/auth0/samples/LoginActivity.java

protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {

>     //Setup CredentialsManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Setup CredentialsManager
```

    auth0 = new Auth0(this);
    auth0.setOIDCConformant(true);
    credentialsManager = new SecureCredentialsManager(this, new AuthenticationAPIClient(auth0), new SharedPreferencesStorage(this));

>     //Check if the activity was launched to log the user out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Check if the activity was launched to log the user out
```

    if (getIntent().getBooleanExtra(EXTRA_CLEAR_CREDENTIALS, false)) {
        doLogout();
        return;
    }

    if (credentialsManager.hasValidCredentials()) {
        // Obtain the existing credentials and move to the next activity
        showNextActivity();
    }
}
```

::: note

> As you progress through this article you will notice that the logic for authenticating and logging the user out is kept under the same activity. Ideally a single class should manage the handling of credentials. You can share this instance across activities or create a new one every time is required as long as the Storage strategy persists the data in the same location. Check the `LoginActivity` class to understand how to achieve this in a single class.

Reviewer: Remove:

> As you progress through this article you will notice that

Reviewer: > or create a new one every time is required

Awkward

```java
// app/src/main/java/com/auth0/samples/LoginActivity.java

private final AuthCallback loginCallback = new AuthCallback() {
    @Override
    public void onFailure(@NonNull final Dialog dialog) {

>         //show error dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Show error dialog
```

    public void onSuccess(@NonNull Credentials credentials) {

>         //user successfully authenticated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // User successfully authenticated
```

## Recover the User's Credentials

> Retrieving the credentials from the Credentials Manager is an async process as credentials may have expired and require to be refreshed. This renewing process is done automatically by the Credentials Manager as long as a valid Refresh Token is currently stored. A `CredentialsManagerException` exception will be raised if the credentials cannot be renewed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieving the credentials from the Credentials Manager is an async process as credentials may have expired and require to be refreshed. This renewal process is done automatically by the Credentials Manager as long as a valid Refresh Token is currently stored. A `CredentialsManagerException` exception will be raised if the credentials cannot be renewed.
```

## Log the User Out

> To log the user out, it is normally enough to remove their credentials and navigate them back to the login screen. When using a Credentials Manager you do that calling `clearCredentials`. In addition, you could ask the `WebAuthProvider` to remove the cookie set by the Browser at authentication time, so that the users are forced to re-enter their credentials the next time they try to authenticate. The sample combines these two strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log the user out, it is normally enough to remove their credentials and navigate them back to the login screen. When using a Credentials Manager, you do that calling `clearCredentials`. In addition, you can ask the `WebAuthProvider` to remove the cookie set by the browser at authentication time. This will force users to re-enter their credentials the next time they try to authenticate. The sample below combines these two strategies.
```

> Check in the LoginActivity if a boolean extra is present in the Intent at the Activity launch. This scenario triggered by the MainActivity dictates that the user wants to log out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check in the LoginActivity if a boolean extra is present in the Intent at the Activity launch. This scenario is triggered by `MainActivity` which indicates that the user wants to log out.
```

```java
// app/src/main/java/com/auth0/samples/MainActivity.java

private void logout() {
    Intent intent = new Intent(this, LoginActivity.class);
    intent.putExtra(LoginActivity.EXTRA_CLEAR_CREDENTIALS, true);
    startActivity(intent);
    finish();
}

// app/src/main/java/com/auth0/samples/LoginActivity.java

@Override
protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
    //...

    if (getIntent().getBooleanExtra(EXTRA_CLEAR_CREDENTIALS, false)) {
        doLogout();
        return;
    }
}

private void doLogout() {
    WebAuthProvider.logout(auth0)
        .withScheme("demo")
        .start(this, logoutCallback);
}

private VoidCallback logoutCallback = new VoidCallback() {
    @Override
    public void onSuccess(Void payload) {
        credentialsManager.clearCredentials();
    }

    @Override
    public void onFailure(Auth0Exception error) {

>         //Log out canceled, keep the user logged in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Log out canceled, keep the user logged in
```

        showNextActivity();
    }
};

```

> The logout is achieved by using the `WebAuthProvider` class. This call will open the Browser and navigate the user to the logout endpoint. If the log out is cancelled, you might want to take the user back to where they were before attempting to log out. If the call succeeded you will remove the credentials from the manager instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logout is handled by the `WebAuthProvider` class. This call will open the browser and navigate the user to the logout endpoint. If the logout is cancelled, you might want to take the user back to where they were before attempting to log out. If the call succeeds, you will remove the credentials from the manager instance.
```

::: note
If you are not using our Credentials Manager classes, you are responsible for ensuring that the user's credentials have been removed.
:::

> As you did previously for the login step, you will need to whitelist as well this logout URL in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you did previously for the login step, you will need to whitelist this URL in **Applications > Settings** in the **Allowed Logout URLs** field.
```

Author: Wait, but that's already explained in the include below. See https://github.com/auth0/docs/blob/master/articles/_includes/_logout_url.md. 

Now, would do you still think this should be "repeated" here?

> <%= include('../../../_includes/_logout_url', { returnTo: 'demo://${account.namespace}/android/YOUR_APP_PACKAGE_NAME/callback' }) %>

Author: I suspect this is the line failing the build. Can you confirm @davidpatrick if it is OK to use `${ ... }` inside a string and inside `<% .. %>` please?

Reviewer: Maybe:

```
`demo://${account.namespace}/android/YOUR_APP_PACKAGE_NAME/callback`
```

Tickmarks?
